the word which came to Jeremiah from the
the word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord the days of Jehoiakim the son of
Lord the days of Jehoiakim the son of
Lord the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah King of Judah go to the house of
Josiah King of Judah go to the house of
Josiah King of Judah go to the house of the rekha mites speak to them and bring
the rekha mites speak to them and bring
the rekha mites speak to them and bring them into the house of the Lord into one
them into the house of the Lord into one
them into the house of the Lord into one of the chambers and give them wine to
of the chambers and give them wine to
of the chambers and give them wine to drink then I took J as an ayah the son
drink then I took J as an ayah the son
drink then I took J as an ayah the son of Jeremiah the son of Hamor samaya
of Jeremiah the son of Hamor samaya
of Jeremiah the son of Hamor samaya his brothers and all his sons and the
his brothers and all his sons and the
his brothers and all his sons and the whole house of the Rechabites and I
whole house of the Rechabites and I
whole house of the Rechabites and I brought them into the house of the Lord
brought them into the house of the Lord
brought them into the house of the Lord into the chamber of the sons of hainan
into the chamber of the sons of hainan
into the chamber of the sons of hainan the son of egg Daliah a man of God which
the son of egg Daliah a man of God which
the son of egg Daliah a man of God which was by the chamber of the princes above
was by the chamber of the princes above
was by the chamber of the princes above the chamber of my Asiya
the chamber of my Asiya
the chamber of my Asiya the son of Shalem the keeper of the door
the son of Shalem the keeper of the door
the son of Shalem the keeper of the door then I set before the sons of the house
then I set before the sons of the house
then I set before the sons of the house of the Rechabites bowls full of wine and
of the Rechabites bowls full of wine and
of the Rechabites bowls full of wine and cups and I said to them drink wine but
cups and I said to them drink wine but
cups and I said to them drink wine but they said we will drink no wine for
they said we will drink no wine for
they said we will drink no wine for jonadab the son of recap our father
jonadab the son of recap our father
jonadab the son of recap our father commanded us saying you shall drink no
commanded us saying you shall drink no
commanded us saying you shall drink no wine you nor your sons forever you shall
wine you nor your sons forever you shall
wine you nor your sons forever you shall not build a house so seed plant a
not build a house so seed plant a
not build a house so seed plant a vineyard nor have any of these but all
vineyard nor have any of these but all
vineyard nor have any of these but all your days you shall dwell in tents that
your days you shall dwell in tents that
your days you shall dwell in tents that you may live many days in the land where
you may live many days in the land where
you may live many days in the land where you are sojourners thus we have obeyed
you are sojourners thus we have obeyed
you are sojourners thus we have obeyed the voice of jonadab the son of recap
the voice of jonadab the son of recap
the voice of jonadab the son of recap our father
our father
our father in all that he charged us to drink no
in all that he charged us to drink no
in all that he charged us to drink no wine all our days we our wives our sons
wine all our days we our wives our sons
wine all our days we our wives our sons or our daughters nor to build ourselves
or our daughters nor to build ourselves
or our daughters nor to build ourselves houses to dwell him nor do we have
houses to dwell him nor do we have
houses to dwell him nor do we have vineyard field or seed but we have dwelt
vineyard field or seed but we have dwelt
vineyard field or seed but we have dwelt in tents and have obeyed and done
in tents and have obeyed and done
in tents and have obeyed and done according to all that jonadab our father
according to all that jonadab our father
according to all that jonadab our father commanded us but it came to pass when
commanded us but it came to pass when
commanded us but it came to pass when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up into the land that we said come let us
into the land that we said come let us
into the land that we said come let us go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of
go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of
go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of the Chaldeans and for fear of the army
the Chaldeans and for fear of the army
the Chaldeans and for fear of the army of the Syrians so we dwell at Jerusalem
of the Syrians so we dwell at Jerusalem
of the Syrians so we dwell at Jerusalem then came the word of the Lord to
then came the word of the Lord to
then came the word of the Lord to Jeremiah
Jeremiah
Jeremiah thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel go and tell the men of Judah and
Israel go and tell the men of Judah and
Israel go and tell the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem will you
the inhabitants of Jerusalem will you
the inhabitants of Jerusalem will you not receive instruction to obey my words
not receive instruction to obey my words
not receive instruction to obey my words says the Lord the words of jonadab the
says the Lord the words of jonadab the
says the Lord the words of jonadab the son of recap which he commanded his sons
son of recap which he commanded his sons
son of recap which he commanded his sons not to drink wine are performed for to
not to drink wine are performed for to
not to drink wine are performed for to this day they drink none and obey their
this day they drink none and obey their
this day they drink none and obey their father's commandment but although I have
father's commandment but although I have
father's commandment but although I have spoken to you rising early and speaking
spoken to you rising early and speaking
spoken to you rising early and speaking you did not obey me I have also sent to
you did not obey me I have also sent to
you did not obey me I have also sent to you all my servants the prophets rising
you all my servants the prophets rising
you all my servants the prophets rising up early and sending them saying turn
up early and sending them saying turn
up early and sending them saying turn now every one from his evil way amend
now every one from his evil way amend
now every one from his evil way amend your doings and do not go after other
your doings and do not go after other
your doings and do not go after other gods to serve them then you will dwell
gods to serve them then you will dwell
gods to serve them then you will dwell in the land which I have given you and
in the land which I have given you and
in the land which I have given you and your father's but you have not inclined
your father's but you have not inclined
your father's but you have not inclined your ear nor obeyed me surely the sons
your ear nor obeyed me surely the sons
your ear nor obeyed me surely the sons of jonadab the son of recap had
of jonadab the son of recap had
of jonadab the son of recap had performed the commandment of their
performed the commandment of their
performed the commandment of their father which he commanded them but this
father which he commanded them but this
father which he commanded them but this people has not obeyed me therefore thus
people has not obeyed me therefore thus
people has not obeyed me therefore thus says the Lord God of hosts the God of
says the Lord God of hosts the God of
says the Lord God of hosts the God of Israel behold I will bring on Judah and
Israel behold I will bring on Judah and
Israel behold I will bring on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all
on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all
on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the doom that I have pronounced against
the doom that I have pronounced against
the doom that I have pronounced against them
them
them because I have spoken to them but they
because I have spoken to them but they
because I have spoken to them but they have not heard and I have called to them
have not heard and I have called to them
have not heard and I have called to them but they have not answered and Jeremiah
but they have not answered and Jeremiah
but they have not answered and Jeremiah said to the house of the Rechabites thus
said to the house of the Rechabites thus
said to the house of the Rechabites thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel because you have obeyed the commandment
because you have obeyed the commandment
because you have obeyed the commandment of jonadab your father and kept all his
of jonadab your father and kept all his
of jonadab your father and kept all his precepts and done according to all that
precepts and done according to all that
precepts and done according to all that he commanded you therefore thus says the
he commanded you therefore thus says the
he commanded you therefore thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel John the
Lord of hosts the God of Israel John the
Lord of hosts the God of Israel John the dev the son of recap shall walk like a
dev the son of recap shall walk like a
dev the son of recap shall walk like a man to stand before me forever